I'm that behind every step I seems to
fade away but with heavy smack applied
by the way
well fine
my way
I saw the time
your eyes are gay
again
first sponsor
I won't let this take me down one after
the other
see how
by the way every time
how do you stay
come on back
very first time now
some wandering around
I shut lungs up singing I won't let me
I
nice to meet you
coming back one after another
by the way every time
I say hello
first off and I
patience
the
by the way
have say hello
once again every time
very first time
I get by
push on my soul and yes
God
i standing let go
why
you're so fine I want you so delicious
make you feel
I
so whatever
hi
yes together now
I can see the way look at me and even
when oh sorry I'm not
get it again
here
I
now
I'll be wrapped around my finger